feat(integration-tests): Introduce `IntegrationTestDataset` fixtures; move test data to central directory. (#2181)
y-scope/clp: integration-tests/tests/data/README.md

Reviewer: @kirkrodrigues 

shall we start creating integration-test-specific docs in `<project-root>/docs/` or do you think this `README.md` is fine to be kept here for now?

Author: fwiw I have already started the docs but #1686 is on hold until the bulk of the testing suite is finished.

Reviewer 2: 1. We have integration specific docs inside `docs/src/dev-docs/testing/integration-tests.md`.
2. I think we can move this README.md to the docs directory in a follow-up PR. Preferably after the current refactoring operation is complete.

# Integration test data

> This directory (`clp/integration-tests/tests/data`) contains test datasets for use throughout the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The directory (`integration-tests/tests/data`) contains test datasets for use throughout the
```

Reviewer 2: We should prepare this README to be moved into `docs/src/dev-docs/testing/integration-tests.md`.
Let's remove all the leading `clp/` prefixes since that is the convention inside `docs`.

Author: Fine with removing all the leading `clp/` prefixes

integration test system.

## Directory structure

> When augmenting or changing the contents of `clp/integration-tests/tests/data`, the following rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When augmenting or changing the contents of `integration-tests/tests/data`, the following rules
```

must be observed:

1. Each dataset must be located in its own directory.
2. Each dataset directory must be a first-level directory within `clp/integration-tests/tests/data`,

>    i.e., dataset directories cannot be nested.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Each dataset directory must be a direct child of `integration-tests/tests/data`; nested dataset directories are not allowed.
```

## Dataset contents

> When adding or changing a dataset directory within `clp/integration-tests/tests/data`, the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When adding or changing a dataset directory within `integration-tests/tests/data`, the following
```

rules must be observed:

> 1. Each dataset directory must contain a first-level subdirectory that holds all log files for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Each dataset directory must contain a top-level subdirectory specified by `logs_subdir`. This subdirectory should hold all log files for the
```

Author: I'm going to do

```suggestion
1. Each dataset directory must contain a subdirectory that holds all log files for the dataset.
```

instead; I don't like the idea of talking about `logs_subdir` before we introduce it.

   dataset.
2. The logs subdirectory may only contain log files. (These log files may be organized in any way

>    within the logs subdirectory.)

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this point is useful.

3. Each dataset directory must contain a file called `metadata.json`.

> 4. The content of `metadata.json` must conform to the following schema:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Each dataset directory must contain a file called `metadata.json`, which must comform to the following schema:
```

   ```json
   {
       "dataset_name": "str",
       "unstructured": bool,
       "timestamp_key": "str" | null,
       "begin_ts": int,
       "end_ts": int,
       "logs_subdir": "str",
       "file_names": [
           "str",
           "str",
           ...
       ],
       "single_match_wildcard_query": "str"
   }
   ```

   | Field | Description |
   | --- | --- |
   | `dataset_name` | The name of the dataset directory. |
   | `unstructured` | `True` if logs are unstructured, else `False`. |
   | `timestamp_key` | The authoritative timestamp key, or `null` if there is no such key. |
   | `begin_ts` | The earliest timestamp present in the dataset (ms). |
   | `end_ts` | The latest timestamp present in the dataset (ms). |
   | `logs_subdir` | The name of the subdirectory containing logs. |
   | `file_names` | A list of the files within `logs_subdir`. |

>    | `single_match_wildcard_query` | A wildcard query which, when searched, will match a single log message in the dataset. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   | `single_match_wildcard_query` | A wildcard query that should match exactly one log message in the dataset. |
```

Author: How about

```suggestion
   | `single_match_wildcard_query` | A wildcard query that matches exactly one log message in the dataset. |
```

## Accessing datasets within the testing system

To access a dataset from within the test system, the following rules should be observed:

1. All datasets should have their own session-scoped fixture in

>    `clp/integration-tests/tests/fixtures/datasets.py`. Test code should access this fixture to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `integration-tests/tests/fixtures/datasets.py`. Test code should access this fixture to
```

   access the dataset.
2. Each session-scoped dataset fixture should be given the same name as the dataset directory name,
   and should conform to the following format:

   ```python
   @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
   def dataset_name(
       integration_test_path_config: IntegrationTestPathConfig,
   ) -> IntegrationTestDataset:
       """Returns an object corresponding to the `dataset_name` test dataset."""
       return IntegrationTestDataset(

>            path_to_dataset_root=integration_test_path_config.test_data_path / "dataset_name",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           dataset_root_dir=integration_test_path_config.test_data_dir / "dataset_name",
```

       )
   ```

3. While it is possible to read the logs from a dataset directly (i.e., without using a 
   session-scoped dataset fixture), it is not recommended, as dataset metadata is needed in several

>    verification processes throughout the testing system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Using dataset fixtures is encouraged over reading logs directly, since verification relies on the associated dataset metadata.
```

Author: I'm going to do:

```suggestion
Tests should use dataset fixtures instead of reading the logs directly, because many verification
flows rely on dataset metadata.
```

because a. I realized it isn't a rule and so it shouldn't be in the list, and b. I like this wording better

# Integration test data

This directory (`clp/integration-tests/tests/data`) contains test datasets for use throughout the
integration test system.

## Directory structure

When augmenting or changing the contents of `clp/integration-tests/tests/data`, the following rules
must be observed:

1. Each dataset must be located in its own directory.
2. Each dataset directory must be a first-level directory within `clp/integration-tests/tests/data`,
   i.e., dataset directories cannot be nested.

## Dataset contents

When adding or changing a dataset directory within `clp/integration-tests/tests/data`, the following
rules must be observed:

> 1. Each dataset directory must contain a first-level subdirectory that holds all log files for the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each dataset directory must contain a first-level subdirectory that holds all log files for the
```

   ```json
   {
       "dataset_name": "str",
       "unstructured": bool,
       "timestamp_key": "str" | null,
       "begin_ts": int,
       "end_ts": int,
       "logs_subdir": "str",
       "file_names": [
           "str",
           "str",
           ...
       ],
       "single_match_wildcard_query": "str"
   }
   ```

   <dl>
   <dt><code>dataset_name</code></dt>
   <dd>The name of the dataset directory.</dd>
   <dt><code>unstructured</code></dt>
   <dd><code>True</code> if logs are unstructured, else <code>False</code>.</dd>
   <dt><code>timestamp_key</code></dt>
   <dd>The authoritative timestamp key, or `null` if there is no such key.</dd>
   <dt><code>begin_ts</code></dt>
   <dd>The earliest timestamp present in the dataset (ms).</dd>
   <dt><code>end_ts</code></dt>
   <dd>The latest timestamp present in the dataset (ms).</dd>
   <dt><code>logs_subdir</code></dt>
   <dd>The name of the subdirectory containing logs.</dd>
   <dt><code>file_names</code></dt>
   <dd>A list of the files within `logs_subdir`.</dd>
   <dt><code>single_match_wildcard_query</code></dt>
   <dd>A wildcard query which, when searched, will match a single log message in the dataset.</dd>

>    </dl>

Reviewer: this doesn't seem markdown-native - 

can a table or a list better represent this?

Author: I can do a list if you would prefer
